speech is the handsome beauty but be
welcome to another video and people
You think I'm going to bring another episode?
From the series sni Pedro is on I was
looking for a series on the channel that made
time that I did not bring there and face that I
can play with the new weapons of the
update guy I remembered myself
I remembered not entered a room registered in
mouth of that in the preview tomorrow then
I'll go and bring it there, I remembered that
also had new world wm arrived at
Italian then mano will go slowly perfect
It's more people before we start here, man.
I want to tell you that my phone still
It did not come then, that's why I'm
lately i'm bringing a sun video
a post comment is on because it does not
I can only comment here when I comment
over the live sense video because
dude do not roll make comments live
You saw in my last video that
was rope saillant commitment 47 that
send in my album the world was not
very good to stay or leave the sound of
keyboard and such face
Until my movie comes tomorrow I'll have
that making videos like this is
connected with the post comment and for whom
Do not know, there's a lot of people asking.
where this fund is the innocence
bringing power to the rest is not because
confuses you with there in the federal prescription
fell I do not know how long it will take
he calls again to get there but anyway
because what does not come to affect a way
We're going to make 5 videos.
comment or arrange to bring more nabeiro
with the new wm gold needle wm in which
arrived in the country voucher recently and pricey
I took the scenes still a ticket
each with siegmann gave to make a
chubby chick and boy I want
explain that lately you are not
watching the sniper gameplay is on
playing sniper are not seeing many
episodes of series a and pirlo that is a
series where the only fire in plays in the
team is because man I my pig is not
favoring the connected equipment, I 'm
playing as I painted very loudly is
this game you will see that in the beginning
painted good face painted 50 out there
The next morning, I finished Cupixa 8080.
face and face for you to make the suite with
Weapon delay weapon you will change the
gun did not enter
In case these bugs then this is annoying hour
that you die for bullshit because the
gun has not changed because the daughter of mother
The ball is on.
This is very annoying but I lived and I'm going to stop.
to scroll here to talk about other
things will talk about the gameplay if this wm
arrived in the second part of the update
carnival vip
she sees on the black market saying p
Linked on the gold box 2
is the box name is there that has it and
thompson gold is on for you guys
two chances for you to win is each
box costs 6 300 rpm and the good face it
it's not seasonal it's there until the end of the game in
one year I will not even discuss it here with
the best prize in my opinion clear
that a wm carton the sound is mano I'll neither
comment for this afternoon one and the same
thing that sent normal with common aw
The difference is that she sucks balls at
more and this outside that face to me I
I enjoyed on was not stood in defense
the most beautiful but it's a business too
that is not made attached to the mother is also
very famous in cfm there are many people
I was waiting and until that queue arrived.
in cross fire and latin america is expensive and
mana play soon i did not like it so much
You know the treatment is me
I can only agree usual even send
I already tired of talking wm vip
She has a reload she kicks ball
faster than the normal tempo and even
So you can see that I'm going to suffer.
a lot to play, it's time that I take
a grotesque kessy worked and the pink
I was not helping you there either.
human is that the exchange of gun was
delay masked even the purpose of this
series that try to increase or
knowledge of you about the snip is
connected is of curiosity and is even a
How to play and face like I'm tired
to talk to me at pwm for me to give me
He had the game's best weapons is a
gun that is multifunctional both
can play well that's when you can
play good art with what's on you
You can see that face if you have far
near any distance gives you
give a thing s with as well as the
snakes lizards are close to far
gives to you give a hard bop and will will
emphasize again the point here much
people there hit the same key destroys having
Send me tips on how it is from here if I know
that a lot of people who watched the videos
learn that it's this guy I'm going
continue with my same expensive theory
train a lot that only tips I
I can not play and play with is each
by the way, you get too caught up
I also do not go snip jail reflex
milk that was there that I learned to
play the sniper dude there are people who talk
that the prison does not give is so much that the guy
I learned the sniper wash is each
also has many
reflexes and face trains the main
train train train and do not give up no
You're not going to leave the countryside, never beauty.
is the page and if it was the video there of wnf and
in the loss of the mother thousand euros you liked
let him dream hey who's to
help us italy elkana cattle
lately tacked to 'hand feedback from
Who are you, the last page on Facebook?
I was using my page a lot
now walks in to enter as a sign
of the channel I can
I do a lot of things.
that I post here
Before I posted, there you are.
so you stay informed like it is
you guys
Thank you very much for listening.
Apologies to you is anything if I
I see hidden and expensive I'm without my phone I
I took that improvising here not to
Leave you videotapes then
I better bring came to you than
leave you if in video an excuse
Anything said, I was worth it.